[chuckle] It seems that I've
found you at last.
It took me a while... Lord
Toneri Otsutsuki.
So you've finally arrived,
Celestial Being.
Come, now. Why stand on
formality? We are from the same
clan!
I thought the Otsutsuki Clan's
fate was going to reach an end
with me.
Quite the contrary... The main
family of the Otsutsuki Clan
doesn't feel that way.
Main family...? If they really
exist, why did they forsake us
for a thousand years?
We saw everything. The incident
involving the woman with the
Byakugan was quite unfortunate.
[grunt]
(URASHIKI) You endured such
humiliation... And yet...
you still continue to risk your
life for that planet. I really
do have to hand it to you.
However, this means that you're
betraying the clan.
You may believe that you made
the very first move because of
what you did to that woman's
son...
But that was hasty...
You act like you know
everything... But you never came
until today.
What would you know
about that planet?!
You're right. We don't know.
[gasp]
And that is exactly the reason
why we were dispatched here.
"We" were...? You mean...?
Well, let's leave it at that.
Now, about this fight... I'm up
for it...
[pained gasps]
[gasp] A... Time Freeze?!
[gasps]
[chuckles]
I don't have the authorization
to actually kill a member of the
clan.
So don't worry.
Just enjoy your stay at the
Palace of the Dragon King for
the next ten thousand years.
Well. Now, then...
I hope I get to reel in a big
catch! [laughing]
No!
Stop!
Boruto isn't strong enough just
yet!
Boruto...
Huh? [grunt]
Hmmm...
[chattering]
When you look back on the events
of the Fourth Great Ninja War...
do you have any thoughts that
you'd like to share?
Hey, look! It's Lord Hokage!
I don't think there are a lot
of....
What's he doin'?
But anyway...
What's most important is to
communicate so people know
everything that happened...
you know?
Yes, you're right.
As Seventh Hokage Naruto Uzumaki
just said, our current peace was
reached after many wars.
But we must never forget that
this peace was made possible by
the sacrifice of...
many, many shinobi.
So to preserve this hard-won
peace...
...we must make sure to teach
this history to the youth, to
the next generation.
[chattering]
Yeah, we got all of that
already! I've heard it so often
that it's become a real drag...
I know! It's even in our text
books.
(NEWSCASTER) Now, we turn our
attention to the Chunin Exams...
which the five villages have
agreed to sponsor jointly for
the first time...
So tell me...
do you have any advice to give
to all the genin who are going
to be participating this year?
Hmmm.... Well, uh...
Remember these three things!
Three things?
Teamwork and perseverance...
And...
Uh...
That's it! Good luck to you all!
[chuckle] Uh... that was only
two things...
Anyway, thanks so much for those
inspiring words.
And a big thanks to all of you
out there for joining us live
for our discussion today!
And thanks again for coming
on the show, Lord Hokage.
Sure thing!
[gasp]
Well, it seems that Lord Hokage
is just as busy as ever!
I can't believe he had his
Shadow Clone do the interview!
Man...
Lord Hokage is just so amazing!
At this rate...
...I won't be able to change a
thing.
[excited gasp]
For practically forever, I never
even thought about becoming a
ninja. But here I am...
about to become a chunin!
Look, don't get ahead of
yourself. You can celebrate
after you actually pass.
Oh, yeah... we still have the
Exams to get through...
Hey Boruto... Don't do anything
stupid until we get our
recommendation letters, alright?
No pranks for the time being,
huh?
Yeah, about all that...
Honestly, I couldn't care less
about any of it.
Huh?
Becoming chunin or jonin... It's
kinda like having a license,
right?
Why should we get so hung up on
rules that people from a long
time ago came up with?
I mean, we oughta just go for it
and become even greater ninja!
Huh? What do you mean "even
greater?"
Well, you know...
Kinda like Sasuke.
Huh? You talking about
Sarada's dad?
He doesn't take orders from
anyone. He battles powerful
enemies on his own terms.
Now I know there are ninja like
that.
They say he's real mysterious,
too!
There's a lot that's cool about
him!
It's way cooler than going on TV
and rambling on.
[sighs]
Look, Boruto... why do you gotta
go making things complicated
now?
Oh, come on! I'm not at all!
I got into the Academy and
decided to become a ninja with
all you guys, didn't I?
That's totally for real. You
can't deny that.
It's just that...
...I've been doing a little
thinking lately about some other
ways that I can become even
cooler. I just wanna do things
my own way, that's all.
[sigh] You do know... the guys
who wanna show off are the only
ones who say things like that...
don't you?
No. that isn't it!
Oh? Then what is it?
Like I said, I wanna do things
my way.
Well, later!
Ugh, damn it. Sometimes he's
such a drag.
(MOEGI) Well, here are the
application forms for the
upcoming Chunin Exams!
So, this means that you're
officially recommending us,
right?
Well, yeah.
All of your hard work has
already been acknowledged which
means I can breathe a little
easier.
Well... there were some times
when things got chaotic...
Boy, I'll say... They sure do
work us genin to the bone.
Oh, come on! If you don't want
it, I can take the
recommendation back!
No! I never said we didn't want
to take the Exams!
Right, Cho-Cho?
Huh? Did you just say you didn't
want to chew on eggs n'ham?
(INOJIN) No, we're talking about
taking the Chunin Exams! Go get
your ears checked!
(CHO-CHO) Ohhh! Next time we go
to BBQ you'll pick up the
check?!
(INOJIN) Ugh, you're not even
listening!
...the thing about pawns,
anything is possible.
So, it's "to be or not to be",
huh? In the end, it's all up to
you...
Huh?
Oh, it's nothing. Anyway, let's
get this over with and become
chunin.
Taking exams over and over again
is such a drag.
Yeah, I agree! I mean...
having to take exams all of the
time is only gonna cut into the
prime of my youth!
[chuckle] This is the prime? How
sad!
[sigh]
(CHO-CHO) Huh?! What did you
just say to me?! You know what?
Maybe you need to go and get
your eyes checked!
I'm sorry... You've been so busy
sending out clones for this
Zetsu thing.
[chuckle] I'm okay; don't worry
about it.
The Chunin Exams are coming up
soon. I'll manage somehow.
Huh?
(NARUTO) Oh! Katasuke!
What do you need?
Well, you see...
As the Head of the Scientific
Ninja Tool Team, I have a
request to make, Lord Seventh.
Oh? What is it?
For the upcoming Chunin Exams,
we'd like your authorization to
use...
...the ninja tool our team made!
Huh?
Oh, that's right! I read the
report a while ago.
It seems that they've made
considerable progress lately.
We have! And they're now...
battle-ready!
Ohhh!
That was a Wind Style jutsu...
You know, that's actually pretty
interesting...
[nervous laughing]
Isn't it?
You just have to change the
cartridge, and you can use any
jutsu you want!
Oh, I see...
Then the genin won't have to go
through such harsh training...
and they'd have more ninjutsu to
use!
What do you think?
Their performances would be more
elaborate as well!
Hmmm... Thanks for showing us,
Katasuke. But I can't approve
it.
Huh?
The Chunin Exams are not a
"performance". Their purpose is
to nurture shinobi.
All the more reason to use this
Scientific Ninja Tool then!
It was invented for the modern
shinobi.
Taking the easy way out on a
test to measure their skills
will only end up shortchanging
them.
Yeah, that's true.
I get it!
But there's also a school of
thought that says masterfully
using copied jutsu...
just like the Sixth Hokage,
is the mark of an outstanding
ninja, too.
Yes, you're right-if that power
comes from inside.
But...
the whole purpose of the Chunin
Exams is to measure the strength
that each individual genin's
managed to cultivate.
Oh, I see...
Excuse me...
[sigh]
Do you think I was too rude
to him?
Don't worry about that. You're
absolutely right about this one.
Hmmm... Okay...
[sigh]
When will Lord Seventh
understand? Will he ever get it?
[chuckling]
Technology must be used to make
things efficient!
What's wrong with that?
The Young Lord understands it
much more clearly.
[gasp] No, I mustn't...
No, I should know better! I'm a
scientist. I have to remain
optimistic!
Oh, that's right. The Young Lord
asked me for some data for that
game...
Hm?
[gasp]
Aw, yeah!
I stopped that boss's attack
with one shot!
What?! How?! Your character got
super strong all of a sudden...
He-he!
I'm ready now, Boruto. I'm just
waiting on you.
(BORUTO) Kay! Sorry!
Hold on... How'd your stats get
so high?
Awwww... You used something,
didn't you, Boruto?
Yeah, so what if I did?
If I use it, it's really easy to
defeat the boss.
Here. I can give you my data,
too.
Hm?
Seriously, Boruto? This is a
cheat...
Although your level is
impressive...
Alright... I think I'm done.
This game is really only fun
because I have to sneak away
from Mom to play it.
Oh, come on, Shikadai! Don't be
so boring! Isn't it a real drag?
I mean... why play if it's not
to win?
Hm?
So you're an expert at video
games, too, huh?
I brought an application for
you. Here!
Look, what do you want, Mitsuki?
I already told you I'm not
interested in doing that.
Oh? Are you serious?
Yes, I understand that...
Damn it. What is going on with
you, Boruto?
If that's truly the way you
feel, then fine. I don't really
care either way.
But are you sure?
Hmph.
(SARADA) Of course it's not
okay!
I was worried, so I came down
here, and this is what you have
to say?!
And Mitsuki's being
totally useless, too!
My dream's to become Hokage.
Are you really telling me that
you're going to destroy my
dream?!
[grunt] Just give me a break!
I can't just keep wasting all of
my time being stuck as a genin,
you know!
I've got to pass the Exams! And
soon!
You make it sound like it'll be
easy!
Yeah! Right?
So what's it gonna be? Are you
gonna help me or get in my
way?
Look, I'm not gonna get in your
way. You can go ahead and do
whatever you want to do!
What?! Were you even listening
to the teachers earlier?!
You've gotta have a full
three-man team to be allowed to
enter the Chunin Exams.
I'm sure you can find someone
else.
[grunt] But it's too late now!
There's no way I can find
someone that easily!
She's got a good point.
It's not as if our teamwork just
came together overnight or
something like that.
That's true.
Yeah, so what? I don't care!
You have been acting so weird
lately. Why are you being so
stubborn?
Whatever.
Hmmm...
Hey, Boruto.
Hm?
Know what? I think what you
want is for your father to
praise you, right?
Oh...!
And just what would you know
about me, anyway?
I know quite a lot. Because you
are the sun in my sky.
Ehhh....
[exasperated sigh] So that's it,
huh, Boruto?
You can be such a brat
sometimes...
I can hear you...
Listen to me, Boruto. The way
you're acting is really uncool.
Is this really the person you
wanna be?
Come on, Boruto!
[grunt]
In the Chunin Exams, we can show
Lord Seventh what we've got! So
what do you say?
What's that...?
This is our big chance!
Do this...
and you'll be able to show your
dad and everybody else out
there in the audience just how
amazing you are!
And I'll be able to pass the
Exams!
I will, too!
[sigh]
Hmmm... Guess there's no
choice...
[chuckle]
[gasp]
[chuckles]
[chattering]
Okay, already...
[chuckle]
Guess you guys just can't do
anything without me! Three-man
team, whatever...
just leave it to me.
Heh! So easy!
You really know how to
manipulate him!
I can hear you...
[chuckle] A man doesn't go back
on his word, right?
Well, yeah...
Look, I really couldn't care
less about being a chunin, but
I'll just ace the exam...
wow everyone, and make them
all see...
...that Boruto Uzumaki has
finally arrived!
(HIMAWARI) Big Brother!
Huh?
(SARADA) Hi, Hima!
Oh! Hey, Himawari!
But before all off that, there's
something I have to go take care
of...
Hmmm?
I gotta check on an important
promise...
We're back! Big Brother is home!
Hi. Welcome home.
Uhhh... Huh?
Hm.
(HIMAWARI) Daddy!
(NARUTO) Hey!
We're back, we're back, we're
back!
So you actually made it...
(NARUTO) Welcome home,
welcome home, welcome home!
(HIMAWARI) [giggle]
You remembered, huh...?
[chuckles]
[chuckle]
[awed gasp]
Your promise... you actually
kept it...
Well, uh, yeah!
Then, we're even.
Hm?
The thing is, I can put up with
it. Because I'm a man.
But, still...
...if you didn't follow through
on your promise and made
Himawari cry...
...I would a let you have it.
We're even now. I'll forgive you
today.
[chuckle] Well, thanks for
that...
S'fine. As long as you
understand...
[chuckle]
(HIMAWARI) Daddy!
(BORUTO) Dad! Food's ready!
Hm... Okay!
(BORUTO) Alright!
Everything's in place!
[chuckles]
Okay...! And here comes your
cake!
(BORUTO) Whoa!
(HIMAWARI) It's huge!
Himawari's birthday party is
just about to get started for
real now!
Awe! [giddy squeal]
A Shadow Clone...
[groan]
[worried sigh]
[grunt and quivered breaths]
[worried groan] Big Brother...
It's alright...
[grunt]
That damn... It's Himawari's
birthday! What the hell does he
think this is?!
[gasp]
Boruto! Boruto!
Just let me go, Mom!
I've had enough of this! I'm
gonna go beat that loser up for
what he just did!
Boruto! Your father has to work
very hard for the people of the
village.
And what about us, huh?! Aren't
we part of the village too?!
[grunt] When you're Hokage...
it's okay to ignore your
family?!
Look, I understand. But it
doesn't mean he's forgotten
about you two!
I've heard that lame excuse so
many times that I've lost count!
Enough, already!
I'm just so sick and tired of
it!
(HINATA) Boruto...
(BORUTO) When Dad was a kid,
Grandpa Hokage wasn't even
alive!
So I guess Dad's just lucky that
he never had to experience the
"joy" of having a parent around!
It's no wonder he doesn't care!
Boruto!
Why does my dad have to be the
Hokage?!
He just sits there at his desk
all day, acting bossy!
Literally anybody at all could
do that job!
I know...
...that it's really hard not
having your father around on
important days.
But still, it's different with
you.
You still have a father who's
actually here.
Boruto...
Mommy...
Oh, Himawari... I'm so sorry...
[grunt] Huh?
It's so dirty... and it's torn
to shreds.
(HINATA) But still, it's
different with you.
You still have a father who's
actually here.
[quivered grunt]
[grunt] This is so uncool!
Dad is... [sigh] and so am I...
[gasp]
Oh, now you show up, you stupid
old man?!
[grunt]
[gasp] Ah!
Sorry, I thought you were my
dad...
So, you're Naruto's son.
Your name?
It's Boruto...
...Uzumaki...
(HINATA) What's going on,
Boruto?!
Is that really-? Sasuke!
It is!
Is Naruto here?
I think he's still at the
Hokage's office...
[gasp]
I see.
Sorry to intrude.
He's the one who was Dad's
rival...
...Sasuke Uchiha!
(BORUTO) Sasuke! Please make me
your student! I just have to
bring down my Dad!
(SASUKE) Why go so far to rebel
against your father?
(BORUTO) He broke a sacred
promise between us. And
besides...
he keeps treating me
like a kid.
(SASUKE) Tell me this: can you
perform the Rasengan?
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "Sasuke
and Boruto."
That'll be a piece of cake, ya
know! I'll go and master it
right away!